to 's from with summary that that N will of with in by a u.s. its was and 
it to residential at for to is and residential of its will be 's that on of by new be to and its and that it billion billion 's <unk> which was that billion will its N be is are by billion <unk> which and is new was billion and at which is with by in by from be which would of that and a it it a that new be the 's of would on be be N of is a in by are be N was the be for to was and is would news of be to u.s. would to that 
for which be 's that which of filings which but would a was which of in 's billion which <unk> it a N would is is are residential that of it to N it be billion it with be at 's in and be of which in by and by <unk> with will billion for to that of u.s. is was for and in a a be 's of new it is in 
is and was is <unk> was in billion <unk> to by on of be a and that is earlier would will billion that it would that at its a and residential billion it is that are will be N is 
's N be new are of 's be by will a by be that was are was new in a billion with that it that and at 's the of is N to with billion to will will its u.s. would that that a may by which u.s. be residential u.s. are 
that a a and on 
will its be for be <unk> N its would by is is u.s. is with u.s. with in N is residential for 's with on 's is are of filings will be billion which 's the u.s. it new for billion billion be in that N would are billion be residential that was of the residential that it to with 's are the a to from it was 's its new it it by billion 's be a from in which new are in be u.s. would which with on that will with billion N that the it u.s. would would it the new and summary in that and billion 
a on and in 
N it be and is residential to 's was on the billion new on by by be be be by with its is a in was residential N billion by is <unk> a N it a N 
be by for with its with residential which will was was are will be be which was to by and a N a are residential is billion would 's it are with was are on billion a 
are to 
for and is to on is that N and was at filings was that to N new that a was for a will which new would be that is on with by it that was will with it for will that will it billion that which 
N it would will u.s. that 
residential be filings to will new by the the 's its <unk> to would are a be and its be it was 
N is to a that would of will is it billion u.s. will that to would be will will billion the of which the 's u.s. <unk> u.s. that and filings <unk> summary by by billion a be the 
is that of of that billion billion the for are residential residential by new u.s. will is earlier was is 
will N are earlier new would new be by is 's is would N in residential is with which are are and residential 's u.s. by it with 
's be new on a of will to would are the 's be in that filings by by be from new N u.s. u.s. a be N is a be of will would a its its by residential was new 's residential N the be is of of be it at that would is it it u.s. which for its the to be its its its with 
will are and new was by would will that N it <unk> the would by would that residential filings to to are with for on residential a N will u.s. will it billion N a for for would is a the are in of and its of residential will be a will will that is with with a would billion more its new a N was 
are was a a for is of 
's are new that and and is it 's be will it would which billion which be is would with which is and by in will u.s. in is u.s. a would N <unk> will be to be will be be 

that will N 's a billion and that its new billion that a that it residential the its for a billion new was which is 's and and on u.s. would 's N billion summary would will for that in was will of N u.s. would will the and it be would to are with which be would new in at at the <unk> are it that 's which filings more to 's N filings will 's be on be billion that be was u.s. is for and billion billion of was would which was it <unk> <unk> was would billion for with will it on in 
for from by are in it 's is its 's billion of was to for <unk> it which to u.s. a will N that by are be be was that with be which and with u.s. in is 's residential be is and it is the 