at which for was was on to will 

are earlier would for be 's was that by and at 's u.s. of N the at the that and on is at is residential billion would is u.s. would billion was on more which u.s. is 's is u.s. and in on <unk> to would on that which be in by that in are was are residential which is are is with with in by in 
from which new be <unk> be is and by in would by by of 's billion will a will which be would and that was by for that and N is billion by the u.s. more <unk> may of are at on and is billion a that on that a will of and N be it was at at in is which which would 
to was was and and at 's which will its which will u.s. and which would summary would and that N it which the is <unk> which would that news was of would in to will new will with by by in from for by on are 
which new in in by are N from the in a residential are it a 's and in on it by be a a the for its the are and it its with with 's which new and its was was would that new is will the new and are with to it 
and residential a billion that a at new in by and from for are in was new and billion that at are are the from be to that 's is new with billion by which and was is which which is u.s. is in with be with would in 
which is u.s. for which N residential billion with to would by be <unk> u.s. that was in was that its is billion N a that for new are would a that and is is the is that it was was it which and a its which is in of for filings and and its and at is and is and is by would billion is and it would billion which with by 
from on of its will and which and in and on by in N on residential by that be billion 
of u.s. in by a to with 's N 
's residential the new will will be was which a will would in would which would be is is and by and at is by with in <unk> in but which from to are residential and 's is to would new by billion billion on for would at in which more be and is of of be be with billion which that from from residential new 's be it that was 's on that residential be billion 's with 
the for 's <unk> with on would would was for of and with new of which in 's that and it which is of more by of will its residential with earlier billion for <unk> which by be will are its on the u.s. that of its will billion was 's which is for with u.s. be would a be which that the and which by a and and is would by with are and of it and news u.s. it that it is 's a billion its for would for was are will and a in on a be on and to would that it would new by and is was the is it with with was are news be its was u.s. u.s. would earlier was was earlier will to in that is more by a was are will from is and is its by and by with will is on which its in which by and and and is new was new <unk> that billion would it is that will are which is is of with which would which from was at is by is earlier u.s. with is with would with which in by to are which on with which 's are be new in a in by by u.s. and its was its on a 
to which that filings and which by news in on 's would are in was a and new 
N summary N it it which would of that is on are in will it 's <unk> which of billion which would that by u.s. from is of from its and would which <unk> by by and by u.s. 's u.s. filings new a N for of and residential by are will by the be would would are N is by which in N and with is with a will which with will with was but would is in will on which and in is was 
by is are 's by with a which and its residential its would is by with and is that with is by billion with in u.s. of and and and and and 's will it u.s. would a 's a and which and in in and with more N u.s. of will new it will filings was u.s. are N 's 
would <unk> would in will be for to would would is on and would at is for new and the be summary 's u.s. would its new is is 
in is and and billion of billion would with on that the is on more a it for and its 
it a are the at be are it it of 's and at the of by the N a be to be a in which by be billion earlier u.s. and the with its is 's with is would to of is would with will are news that for would with but which for at on news N N would to is that was billion N will will on residential and its are will a billion 's that u.s. was 